Wuji be careful
Greet the goddess
Goddess you are a goddess
Now is not the time to say that
This Lin Xinyue is very wrong
Something is really wrong
My trick obviously hit him
He is intact
Zhang Ziyao, you are finally here
You know my name?
You are not Lin Xiyue, who are you?
It really breaks my heart.
Zhang Zhiyao, don't you even know your old acquaintance?
Mu Qianqian
Hahahaha
It's a witch
What about the witch in July?
Where did you take July?
Hahaha Lin Xiyue
I think his flesh tastes good
As for the bones?
I've long forgotten which mass grave I threw it in
Beast you man-eating monster
Today I will let you pay the blood debt of my apprentice with your life
Mu Qianqian, you swallow the flesh and blood of warriors to cultivate
unscrupulous
Sin cannot be punished
Your Excellency Goddess is right
The Buddhist demon woman can be obtained by everyone
Shoulder to shoulder
Don't talk to him morally
Hahaha wants to kill me
I still want to swallow you
Shifang Zhujue will destroy me